$Id$

If you are interested in contributing to this project, here's a few
things you could look into:

 - Currently there is no way on the command line to search for exotic 
   paths/types.  For instance, if reglookup encounters an unknown VK
   type, it just prints it out in Hex.  However, if you wanted to search
   specifically for that type, there is no way to do it.  Similarly, it
   isn't possible to specify certain binary or weird characters in
   paths.  Reglookup should take the user path and unquote each path
   component using the \xQQ syntax prior to searching.

 - It might be nice to have a way to filter results by security 
   descriptor information.  Maybe by MTIME as well.

 - reglookup-timeline needs to be replaced with something cross-platform.  
   Perhaps a python script that provides MTIME range filtering capabilities.

 - Need to integrate much of reglookup-recover's algorithms into regfi 
   and then expose them from the bottom-up to provide building blocks 
   through regfi and pyregfi.  This should be addressed along with code 
   to support handling of partial/fragmented registry hives.

 - Testing, testing, and more testing.  reglookup needs to be more
   heavily tested on all recent Windows platforms.  A regression test
   suite would be nice too.  Some thoughts on this include a script
   which randomly fuzzes an existing registry file, and tries to detect
   crashes of reglookup when parsing it.  Another test script might
   randomly truncate an existing registry file, which will help improve
   reglookup's parsing on fragmentary files.

 - Unicode support still needs improvement.  While parsing strings seems
   to be decent, UTF-8 output would be nice.

 - Continue to improve regfi/pyregfi APIs as needed.  winsec library needs more
   flexibility and documentation.

 - Consider adding regfi wrappers for other high-level languages (perl? ruby?).

 - Documentation.  The security descriptor output format needs to be
   documented.  Also, function contracts should be added to the
   lower-level functions of regfi.c.

 - Consider switching from libiconv to Joachim Metz's libuna for
   increased portability and easier builds.

 - Grep through the source for 'XXX', and you'll find more.

 - Consider integrating packaging rules for debian/other platforms into trunk.

 - Investigate why file descriptors can't be directly used in Windows


1.0 RELEASE
===========

Testing
  Full diffs
  regfi and pyregfi threading
  valgrind in multiple scenarios for reglookup, reglookup-recover
  double check man pages
